Add a `requirements_dev.txt` file [unitaryhack] (#2635)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* `BasisEmbedding` can accept an int as argument instead of a list of bits (optionally). Example: `qml.BasisEmbedding(4, wires = range(4))` is now equivalent to `qml.BasisEmbedding([0,1,0,0], wires = range(4))` (because 4=0b100). 
  [(#2601)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2601)

> * Added seperate requirements_dev.txt for seperation of concerns for code development and just using PennyLane.
>   [(#)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2635)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added separate requirements_dev.txt for separation of concerns for code development and just using PennyLane.
  [(#2635)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2635)
```
```suggestion
* Added seperate requirements_dev.txt for seperation of concerns for code development and just using PennyLane.
  [(#)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2635)
```
